Ctor 2414 enhance snmp connectors with v 3 macros part 2 (#5487)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/network-stormshield-snmp.md

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Not attached to a host template" label="Not attached to a host template">

| Service Alias        | Service Template                                 | Service Description                                                                                                                                                 | Discovery |
|:---------------------|:-------------------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:---------:|
| Connections          | Net-Stormshield-Connections-SNMP-custom          | Check the number of TCP/UDP connections                                                                                                                             |           |
| Cpu                  | Net-Stormshield-Cpu-SNMP-custom                  | Check the rate of utilization of CPU for the machine. This check can give the average CPU utilization rate and the rate per CPU for multi-core CPU                  |           |

> | Disk-Global          | Net-Stormshield-Disk-Global-SNMP-custom          | Check the rate of free space on disks. For each checks the mount point of disks will appear (« label »). Thresholds can be in percentage or in free space remaining |           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Disk-Global          | Net-Stormshield-Disk-Global-SNMP-custom          | Check the rate of free space on disks. For each check the mount point of disks will appear (« label »). Thresholds can be in percentage or in free space remaining |           |
```

| CRITICALSTATUS | Define the conditions to match for the status to be CRITICAL. You can use the following variables: %\{admstatus\}, %\{opstatus\}, %\{duplexstatus\}, %\{display\}   | %\{admstatus\} eq "up" and %\{opstatus\} ne "up" |           |
| EXTRAOPTIONS   | Any extra option you may want to add to the command (a --verbose flag for example). All options are listed [here](#available-options).                              | --verbose                                        |           |

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Vpn-Status" label="Vpn-Status">

| Macro               | Description                                                                                                                                      | Default value        | Mandatory |
|:--------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:---------------------|:---------:|
| FILTERID            | Filter by ID (regexp can be used)                                                                                                                |                      |           |

> | FILTERSRCIP         | Filter by src ip (regexp can be used)                                                                                                            |                      |           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| FILTERSRCIP         |Filter by source IP address (regexp can be used)                                                                                                            |                      |           |
```

> | FILTERDSTIP         | Filter by dst ip (regexp can be used)                                                                                                            |                      |           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| FILTERDSTIP         | Filter by destination IP address (regexp can be used)                                                                                                            |                      |           |
```
